this video is brought to you in part by
Inc playmats a ting playmats calm you
will place for custom-made playmats
design your own or shop from other
featured designers use promo code clots
deal to save ten percent under order
inked playmats your game your style
check out something to do on their
website and come join us for a fun
friendly fnm environment
you
so today we're up at something to do we
are going to be opening some evison
restored booster boxes we got two guys
over here open its boxes and we have
another box over here and I will just be
showing the rares and reading what the
rares are so let's get started my first
then angel jubilation flying other non
black creatures you control get +1 +1
oil out with players can't play life or
sacrifice creatures to cast spells for
activating villains the grizzle brand
mine likely k7 line to draw seven cards
cabin Ursa cavern of souls is Kevin of
souls enters the battlefield to use a
creature type you can add one your mana
pool or add one man of any color to mana
pool you can spend this man out of the
caster cassie creature spell to chosen
type and that smell candy counter we
have treat the angels which is our first
miracle card you put x 44 white angel
creature token to flying onto the
battlefield it's miracle cost as x + 2
white at alchemists refuge can add 1
your mana pool or you can pay a green
and a blue and cast online cards has
turn as though they have fledged have a
slayer stronghold and add one mana to
your mana pool or you can pay a red and
a white and tap it to give a creature
plus 2 plus the arrow and vigilance and
haste until end of turn have a desolated
lighthouse you can add one to your mana
pool or you can take one a blue and a
red and draw cards and the disk article
have another miracle card one that
everybody is excited about it in Portal
Master II take an X return after this
one and experiment Austin is one and one
blue have an avocent Angel of Hope which
is namesake of this set as flying
vigilance action angel the hope and
eight other furniture control or
indestructible to natick
they terminus put all creatures on the
bottom of their own as libraries miracle
one white have a silver blade paladin a
soul bound as long as it's Paris another
creature both creatures have double
strike have a miss Halle Griffin line
you may have some so how Griffin from
Excel the restoration a restoration
angel it's flashing flying when enters
the battlefield give me exile target non
angel creature you control the damage
burning it to the battlefield under your
control have a cigar de host of herons
flying hexproof spells and abilities
your opponents control can't cause you
to sacrifice permanence she pretty much
can't be removed by any removal spell
and basically a zone where you going to
kill her and let Lockhart with other
pictures of flying have a reforge the
soul each player discards our hand at
all seven cards it as a miracle of one
and one red it's got one that our red
deck wins players are all excited about
as a vexing devil you cause one red he's
a 43 and when he enters the battlefield
an opponent may have a deal for damaged
to ever heard if the player does your
sacrifice it's not the same story we got
the tommy own age stage emblem which
means it it's when you have no maximum
hand size and whenever a car is put to
your graveyard many where you may return
it to your hand so then one that goes
with the points walk speaking of in one
we just got we just got the planeswalker
Tommy of the Moon sage well plus one you
tap target permanent and doesn't untap
during these controllers next on tap
step not as to draw car peach to have
creature target player controls
and like the emblem said minus eight you
get an emblem with you have no maximum
size and whenever a card is put it to
your graveyard from anywhere you may
return it to your hand
Oh
you